Group Meeting - 14/11/13

In attendance:
 - Joshua
 - Jafnee
 - Jamie
 - Mariya
 - Gavin

Not In Attendance:
 - Lewis - Valid Reason
 - Jack - Ill, late informed
 - Owen - No Reason, Contacted regarding

Mariya has organised a meeting on the 15/11 at 9:00am for the test spec review.
Key representatives for QA, design, testing and code will be attending.

It's decided that .odt will be the file format used for document writeups.
Should make QA's job easier when merging documents together.

If anyone did not receive an email from Bernie on tuesday 12/11 please inform
CS support because you are not part of the group 15 group and are not receiving
the required e-mails.

We will be using Microsoft Visio Professional 2010 you can get your copy here through DreamSpark:
http://e5.onthehub.com/WebStore/ProductSearchOfferingList.aspx?srch=visio&ws=5131b6ea-bb8b-e011-969d-0030487d8897&vsro=8
We all have access to this, as it has been provided by the uni.

Jack needs to get all the minutes he covered up on to github.

By the end of monday everyone will need to submit their time sheet , which 
contains how many hours they have put into the project so far and a description of
what they've done.
Information on the time sheet can be found in the Project Guidelines document.

A report of the timesheet will be completed which will say whether people are 
under or over working.(semi-formal).

Task IDs will be sorted, task names are already available on the gantt chart.
Current task names will be labeled with a number(1,2,3).
Larger tasks will get broken down.(1.1,1.2,1.3).

Re-confirmed that blog posts will all be done on BlackBoard.

Owen needs to be present to explain to QA the test spec for the review.

Early notice MUST be sent to Josh if you will not be attending a meeting, otherwise prepare to be chewed.